unit
one on the airplane
good evening good evening boarding pass
please
here it is
go straight ahead and then take a left
okay enjoy your flight
good evening oh
good evening boarding pass please
certainly here it is
thank you
go straight ahead and take a left okay
enjoy your sight
hi my name is chris
my name is yay have you been on holiday
in bangkok
no i work there so where are you from
i'm from america really me too
do you work in bangkok too yes i do work
in bangkok
where do you live i live on sukhumvit
road and where do you live
i live on circumvent too really on which
side do you live
i live on site 55 where do you live i
live on
71. so why are you going to england
i'm going to visit my friend he works in
london
i am going to stay with my friends in
london too
so how long will you be staying i will
be staying for two weeks
we have a lot in common yes we do have a
lot in common
unit two airport immigration
and customs
good morning sir hello could i see your
passport and visa documentation
yes here they are
is this your first visit to the united
kingdom yes
it is and where will you be staying
with my friend in london and how long
will you be staying
i will be staying for two weeks
do you have anything to declare no i do
not have anything to declare
good everything seems to be in order
please enjoy your stay
thank you could you tell me where is the
baggage claim
follow the signs to your left please
okay thank you
yes okay no problem
okay thanks for calling bye bye
dad chris hey how are you
i'm fine how are you doing you're doing
great and you look great
oh thanks yeah how was your flight over
it was quite a long flight how many
hours did it take
it took 12 hours
did you have to stop anywhere on the way
no it was a direct flight
is your home far from the airport no
only
40 minutes how long would the journey be
by bus
it would take about 60 minutes oh
okay is there going to be a lot of
traffic
uh no the traffic should be light in
bangkok the traffic is very
bad really how bad is the traffic in
bangkok
it is very bad has the new skytrain made
it any better
yes it has helped to make it better
is the pollution bangkok still really
bad yeah
the pollution is really bad there hey
all right
are you ready to go yes i'm ready all
right
unit 3 buying some clothes
[Music]
do you need to buy anything today yes i
need to buy some clothes
what kind of clothes do you want to buy
i need to get
some shirts trousers and a warm jacket
is there anything else you want to buy
oh yes
i need to buy a guidebook about london
would you like to buy first i think i
would like to buy
the clothes first we have many different
places to choose from
what are the choices well we can go to
kensington high street is it a very
expensive
place to buy clothes yes it is an
expensive place to buy clothes
can we go somewhere a little bit cheaper
yes we can where can we go
we can go to the king's road is it
cheaper than
kensington high street yes it is cheaper
is it far from here no it's quite near
can we go there please sure we'll go
there
okay
unit 4 about shopping
london is very expensive isn't it
yes london is very expensive
i think bangkok is much better
why is bangkok better than london
because the shops are much cheaper
does bangkok have many shops to choose
from
yes there are a lot of different shops
are the thai people helpful yes they're
very helpful
maybe i should live in bangkok too
yes i think you would like living in
bangkok
have we forgotten to buy anything
yes we forgot one item
what did we forget to buy we forgot to
buy
a guidebook do you really need
a guidebook yes i
really need a guidebook
excuse me i would like to buy a
guidebook
what kind of guidebook would you like i
would like a
color guidebook of london will you be
traveling outside of london
no i'll be staying in london what
activities are you interested in
i'm interested in shopping and the
museums
i recommend you buy this one okay
thanks how much does it cost five pounds
thanks i will buy this one
did you buy your guidebook yes i bought
one
can i have a look at it yes here it is
so which places would you like to visit
oh there are many interesting places i
wish to visit
which place is in particular
i want to visit the museums
do you know which museums you would like
to visit
i want to visit the natural history
museum
and the science museum are they included
in the guidebook yes they are included
what about buckingham palace would you
like to visit
the palace yes i would like to visit it
soon
unit 5 introduction to your destination
are you enjoying your trip yes i am
enjoying my trip
have you finished reading your guidebook
yet yes
i finished reading it are there any
questions you want to ask me about
london
yes i have many questions
is it always cold in london
yes it is cold especially in the winter
is it cold in the summertime too no
it can be quite warm in the summer
what do you like about the weather in
london
i like the cold mornings and the bright
sunshine
the weather in bangkok is quite
different
is the weather in bangkok always hot yes
it's always hot is the weather in
bangkok always the same
yes but sometimes it can be cool
do you think i would like the weather in
thailand hmm
yes i think you would like it a lot
hey dan where are all the museums
located
oh they're not far from here
do you know the name of the road yes the
road is called
exhibition road
why is it called exhibition road
it's called exhibition road because the
museums are always having
exhibitions which museum is your
favorite
my favorite is the science museum
is it an interesting place to visit yes
they have many interesting things to see
do you think i would like it
i'm not sure why i think you would like
the natural history museum more
unit 6 public transportation
[Music]
are you ready to leave yes
would you like me to show you the public
transport system
that's a good idea are you tired
i am a little tired you can rest later
okay then let's go out
is the train station far away from here
no but we can take the bus there what
color are london buses
london buses are colored red are they
expensive to ride on
they are really not that expensive
how much does a ticket cost the price
depends on how far we want to travel
how far are we going on the bus we are
going as
far as the train station
where is the london underground station
oh it's about 10 minutes from here
is it cheaper than the bus no it's more
expensive
so why are we taking it because
it's faster and i want to show you how
to use it
okay i understand
unit 7 going for lunch
i'm feeling hungry can we have lunch now
okay what do you feel like eating
some english food are you sure
that's what you want yes i'm sure
have you ever eaten english food no
this is my first time it's quite
different from thai food
where should we go to eat let's go
to my favorite pub okay okay
what would you like to eat
could i have some fish and chips please
and what would you like to drink
oh i would like a pint of
real english beer please
are you ready to order your food yes
could we have one plate of fish
and chips and one
roast beef sandwich
would you like something to drink yes
could we have two pints of beer please
can i get you anything else no thank you
are you enjoying your lunch yes
it's fine is it better than thai
food no i don't think so
why not because thai food has
more taste
is all thai food spicy
no not all thai food is spicy
but it's all delicious
what is your favorite thai food
my favorite dish is
tom yum what is that
it's a spicy prawn soup
what's your favorite english dish
my favorite dish
is sausages and mashed potatoes
unit 8 going on a date
what shall we do tonight chris
hmm maybe i'll call
jane and invite her to meet us
who is jane oh
jane is the girl that i met on the
airplane
okay ask her to bring a friend
okay do you have a theater guide
yes the theater guide is in the
newspaper okay
hmm what do you want to see
i don't know would you like to see
mission impossible 3 i've seen that
already
would you like to see gladiator 2
i've seen that too oh
[Applause]
i don't know what to do now why don't
you call
jane and ask her what she would like to
do
okay hello jane speaking hello
jane it's chris from the airplane
do you remember me oh hi chris
yes of course i remember you so how are
you feeling today
i'm feeling a little tired are you sick
no not sick just a little tired
are you free to go out tonight
no i don't think so well
uh are you free tomorrow afternoon
no i'm sorry tomorrow afternoon i'm
going to a party
okay how about tomorrow
night are you free yes
i am free tomorrow night
great so what would you like to do
i would like to see a movie okay
do you know what movie you would like to
see
the perfect storm oh do you know where
it's showing
i think it's showing at lancaster square
at seven o'clock
oh that sounds fine can you bring a
friend
yes i will bring my best friend lisa
okay so we'll see you tomorrow about
6 30 okay that sounds fine
okay then see you tomorrow bye jane bye
chris
unit 9 going to a movie
and making new friends
[Music]
yes no problem okay
thanks for calling bye bye
what time are we meeting the girls
6 30 at leicester square
are you ready to leave now yes i am
ready to leave now
okay let's go
hello chris hello hello jane how are you
a little sleepy this is my friend his
name is dan
nice to meet you nice to meet you too
and this is my friend lisa
hello nice to meet you have we met
before
i don't believe we've met before you do
look quite familiar
do i yes maybe i've seen you at a party
before
yes maybe shall we go inside and buy the
tickets
yes let's go inside wow
that was an exciting movie don't you
think
yes it certainly was action-packed
did you like the movie jane yes i did
did you like it chris
oh yes i did very much what was your
favorite part gene
i liked a bit in the pub why did you
like that bit
because everyone seemed very happy
lisa did you think the acting was good i
thought the acting was very good
so do you often go to see movies like
this
yes i like action movies the most
who's your favorite movie star
my favorite star is bruce willis what
kind of movies do you like to watch dan
i like romantic comedies oh and who's
your favorite comedy star
i like meg ryan a lot she's pretty funny
isn't she
yes she's funny
unit 10 going to the museum
[Music]
[Applause]
hello hello could i speak to jane please
she's in the shower may i ask who's
calling
uh it's chris oh
good morning chris i'll get jane to call
you back okay
okay thanks bye bye
hello hello is that chris
oh hi jane how how are you feeling
i'm feeling much better thank you
i really enjoyed myself last night yes
so did i
so what are you doing today
i haven't decided yet
would you like to go see another movie
with me today
no i don't think so
would you like to go shopping with me
today
i don't like shopping
what do you like to do i was thinking
i'll visit the museum
today which museum
the natural history museum is it in
kensington
yes it is
can i go to the museum with you today
yes you can oh great well um
what time shall we meet there why don't
we meet
at the main door at 2. okay
i'll meet you at the main door at 2 p.m
ok i'll see you then goodbye chris
okay thanks a lot goodbye jane
that was really incredible you really
had a good time
yes i had a great time do you think
you'll visit again
maybe i'll try another one next time
there aren't many places like this in
bangkok no the museums in bangkok are
much smaller
i had a lovely day and thanks for seeing
me
so did i it was really good to see you
again i better go
okay i'll call you later okay i'll wait
for your call
bye bye
unit 11 i'm lost
excuse me could you tell me how to get
to the underground station
you take that street turn left then turn
right
okay thank you very much no worries
excuse me yes what is it
i'm lost and i'm looking for the
underground station
which station are you looking for
the nearest one all right
you go down to the end of the street
turn left and left again
are you sure that's correct yes i'm sure
okay thanks for your kind help
excuse me do you know where there is a
public telephone
there should be one near that pub over
there
where right there on the corner oh
thanks
don't mention it
hello hi dan chris
where are you it's getting dark and i
was worried
i got lost outside the museum and then i
took the wrong train
where are you now
in front of a pub
do you know which one no
can you ask somebody where you are
yes hold on please
excuse me could you tell me where i
am yes you're at the huntsman pub on
base water road
thank you for your help where are you
calling from
i'm in front of the huntsman pub
on bayswater road
okay wait there and i will come to meet
you
okay bye
unit 12 shall we have dinner together
[Music]
[Applause]
shall we rent a video tonight
i don't want to stay at home tonight
are you tired yes but i want to see
other things why don't we relax first
okay and maybe we'll go out afterwards
hey why don't i cook dinner for you
tonight
that sounds nice can i invite lisa and
jane for dinner too
that's a great idea what are you going
to cook
something simple i think any ideas
i'm thinking about it
i didn't know you could cook well that's
because i'm not very good at it
oh no
wow that was a lovely meal please don't
mention it
yeah it tasted very good thanks
i'm glad you liked it
jane when are you returning to bangkok
i'm returning next friday oh
that's the same day as me what time is
your flight
it leaves at 6 00 pm my flight leaves at
11 pm
well why don't you fly back with me yeah
it would be fun to fly back together you
should call the airline to see if you
can change your tickets first
yes i will i'll call them tomorrow
morning
unit 13 changing the plane ticket
[Music]
hello is that thai international yes it
is
how may i help you sir i would like to
change the time of my departure please
certainly sir can i have your name and
flight number please
yes my name is chris smith
and my flight number is tg911
please hold on the line one moment okay
and what time would you like to change
it to please
i would like to leave on the 6 pm flight
please
i'm afraid the 6 pm flight is fully
booked sir
can you place me on the waiting list
please
certainly sir
when will i know if i can change my
flight
if a seat is available we will call you
back this evening
thank you for your help thank you
goodbye
hello good evening could i speak to mr
chris
smith please this is christmas speaking
i'm calling from thai international
regarding your flight change request
oh yes do you have some good news for me
yes we do we have one seat available
for the 6 pm flight excellent news
i'll take it please ok sir your ticket
is now valid
for the flight back to bangkok departing
at 6 pm
thank you bye goodbye
unit 14 saying goodbye
chris hurry or you'll miss the plane
i don't want to miss the plane are we
meeting jane
and lisa at the airport yes we are
what time did you arrange 4 30 p.m
we should leave now okay
hello chris oh hello jane hello lisa hi
did you pack everything yes i think so
did you remember your passport and plane
ticket yes
uh ah i have them right here
why don't we check in together okay
will we be able to sit together i hope
so
hi jane hi hello lisa hi ben have you
been waiting long for us
no we only just arrived here okay
where did you park your car on the first
level
we had to park on level six oh
so will you miss chris yes i will miss
him a lot
will you miss jane oh yes i will miss
her a lot too
it is nearly time for us to go to our
gate
please call me when you arrive in
bangkok yes i will call
i'll miss you jane i'll miss you too
hey i have an idea
what is it why don't lisa and dan
come to visit us for christmas in
bangkok
that is a good idea what do you think
lisa yeah it is a good idea
what a good idea listen you are welcome
to stay in my home
anytime thank you very much chris sure
okay okay see you later now bye
how do you spell your name
is mary
mary so i will spend my name is m
a r i
e mary hey
how do you spell your name is m-a-r-i-e
mary so how do you spell your name
now number two how do you spell
your email address email address
in american english we say
actress and in british english
we say a address so address or address
the same okay how do you spell your
email
sorry how do you spell your email
address
is a n
h n g
u v i p
s at this is at
okay at
g mail and this one is
not
dot com sorry
is a n h
n g u v i
p s at gmail.com
in front of in front
of and we have behind
remember in front of
if i say that i'm in front of something
that means something is at the back
of me or that is hidden by me
for example okay i'm here
and then the board i would say that i'm
in front i'm in front
of the board because it's behind me okay
it's at the back of me so i'm in front
of the board
or i can say the board is
behind me okay the same you can say
i'm in front of the board or the board
is behind oh okay at my back right
behind my back okay so behind me
the board is behind me so
number three in front of
i remember the remote control
the remote control is something you use
to
open the tv or maybe
the camera when you are far from it
you don't have to turn it on and you
just use the remote control
okay to control it so
remote control remote control
the remote control is
in link them together is in
front for a friend of
the tv is in front of the tv
i remember the remote control
is in front of the tv or you can link
front up in front of
in front of the tv i remember
the remote control is in front of e
zin front is in front of the tv
i remember the remote control is in
front of the tv
or put put this
put this put this chair
chair don't say trail
that is ch chair
put this chair in front
of in front of
the window
in front of the window put this chair in
front of the window
put this chair in front of the window
now for behind okay i can say the board
is behind me
behind behind
can i put the magazine
behind the computer this one
magazine you can say magazine
or magazine
magazine or magazine the same
okay but i prefer saying magazine
can i put the magazine
behind the computer can i put the
magazine behind the computer
um can i put that means that is that
okay if i put the mac
magazine behind the computer
can i put the magazine behind the
computer
or the hook is
link them together the hook you know the
hook
the hook usually you use the hook the
hook on the table or maybe
uh on the surface of something and then
you
you use the hook to hang on your clothes
your helmet or things like that
okay hook the hook
is right behind right behind that means
okay very near okay right behind
the door the hook the hook is
the hook is right behind the door